= Trakt

This is a Ruby API for the http://trakt.tv movie, tvshow service.

*NOTE*: This is for the old API. New API uses oauth and such. Feel free to submit a PR to make things work here.

== Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'trakt'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install trakt

== Usage

All calls return an JSON structure.

This is a typical default setup

    require 'trakt'
    trakt = Trakt.new
    trakt.apikey = 'your_api_key'
    trakt.username = 'your_username'
    trakt.password = 'your_password'


=== Settings

    trakt.account.settings

=== Searching

    trakt.search.movies "the shawshank redemption"
    trakt.search.shows "death note"

=== And wait, there's more!

Check the spec directory for the rest of the functionality and how to use it. I
got lazy with documentation it seems.

== Examples

=== Adding all your seen movies from a text file.

Adding movies from a text file is a bit hit and miss, so it's best if you
create a list to add the movies to.  You'll have to make a list manually in
advance since creation isn't supported yet. The list takes a rather odd name.
The one in the exaple here was created as "From my file".

    list = trakt.list.add('from-my-file');
    IO.readlines(ENV['HOME']+"/misc/movies.txt").each do |movie|
      result = trakt.search.movies(movie)
      next unless result
      movie = result.first
      next unless movie
      list.add_item(type: :movie, imdb_id: movie['imdb_id'])
    end

=== Marking shows unseen

Example making all episodes of season 4 of winnie the pooh unseen. (You can use
Trakt::Search.shows("the new adventures of winnie the pooh").first to get the
imdb_id)

    episodes = []
    1.upto(11) { |n|
      episodes << { "season" =>  4, "episode" => n }
    }
    Trakt::Show.episode_unseen("imdb_id" => "tt0165052", episodes: episodes)

== Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
